Add developer tools (#47)
siemens/CtrlppCheck: devTools/readme.md

# Developer tools

> Here are located few helper developer tools to make locale development a little bit easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder collects support tools to make local development work somewhat easier.
```

Happy coding.

## executeTests.cmd

> Helper to execute WinCC OA tests start the script *executeTests.cmd* from command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute WinCC OA tests start *executeTests.cmd* from command line.
```

> This script will prepare everything necessary to execute the test, executes the tests and convert the result to jUnit (might be used in CI/CD pipelines to show results)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script prepares everything necessary to execute the tests, executes them and converts the results to jUnit (can be used in CI/CD pipelines).
```

See also [Execute tests](../WinCC_OA_Test/readme.md)

## formatCtrlCode.cmd

> Helper to allow automatic formatting of ctrl code - inclusive ctrl tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies automatic formatting of all ctrl code - including ctrl tests.
```

Consistently using the same style throughout your code makes it easier to read. Code that is easy to read is easier to understand by you as well as by potential collaborators. Therefore, adhering to a coding style reduces the risk of mistakes and makes it easier to work together on software.

> This stript format the ctrl code in unified way by preferred WinCC OA configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This strict formats the ctrl code in a uniform way by preferred WinCC OA configuration.
```
Please consider using a spell-checker before committing user relevant documentation.

> Following options are possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following options are supported:
```

> + -OaVersion ,defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaVersion, defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)
```

> + -OaInstallPath ,define the installation path of WinCC OA (default C:\Siemens\Automation\WinCC_OA\\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaInstallPath, define the installation path of WinCC OA (default C:\Siemens\Automation\WinCC_OA\)
```

## changeCopyright.cmd

> Helper to change copyright entries to correct year for all ctrl code - including ctrl tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes copyright entries to current year for all ctrl code - including ctrl tests.
```

> As the license section contains year need to be changed ones per year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license section contains a year and therefore must be adapted accordingly.
```

> To change it manually is a lot of work. Therefore you can start this script to change all the license section correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script adapts all the license section for the current year.
```

> Following options are possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following options are supported:
```

> + -OaVersion ,defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaVersion, defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)
```

> + -OaInstallPath ,define the installation path of WinCC OA (default C:\Siemens\Automation\WinCC_OA\\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaInstallPath, define the installation path of WinCC OA (default C:\Siemens\Automation\WinCC_OA\)
```

## executeTests.cmd

To execute WinCC OA tests start *executeTests.cmd* from command line.
This script prepares everything necessary to execute the tests, executes them and converts the results to jUnit (can be used in CI/CD pipelines).

See also [Execute tests](../WinCC_OA_Test/readme.md)

## formatCtrlCode.cmd

Applies automatic formatting of all ctrl code - including ctrl tests.

Consistently using the same style throughout your code makes it easier to read. Code that is easy to read is easier to understand by you as well as by potential collaborators. Therefore, adhering to a coding style reduces the risk of mistakes and makes it easier to work together on software.

This strict formats the ctrl code in a uniform way by preferred WinCC OA configuration.

Following options are supported:

> + -oaVersion ,defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaVersion, defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)
```

## changeCopyright.cmd

Changes copyright entries to current year for all ctrl code - including ctrl tests.
The license section contains a year and therefore must be adapted accordingly.
This script adapts all the license section for the current year.
Following options are supported:

> + -oaVersion ,defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ -oaVersion, defines the WinCC OA Version (default 3.19)
```
